Thank you for your MISSION 10 IARC application for the 2025 competition year.  Per the Official Rules, “To assure that only serious competitors enter, the completed application form will not be considered an official entry until an Application Fee (1500 U.S. Dollars) is received on or before June 1 of the current year for which a team officially enters the Competition, and each subsequent year that the team participates (this fee is NON-REFUNDABLE if a team is either unable to attend or chooses not to attend). On the final day of the competition in any competition year, each team captain will receive a rebate (1000 U.S. Dollars). Teams failing to show up to the competition, or leaving prematurely, agree to forfeit their rebate.“  Also, please watch the Official IARC website (http://www.aerialroboticscompetition.org/rules.php) for updates.  Were are pleased to have the prestigious Tsinghua University participating in the IARC once again.  I’ll see to it that the Tsinghua University team is listed as an official team.  

We have discontinued the SLACK forum, so please address any questions directly to me at this address or by using the Contact form found at the Official Website:  http://www.aerialroboticscompetition.org/contact.php?who=organizer

I will send letters of invitation (via E-MAIL) to the team members/advisors expected to attend MISSION 10 of the IARC.  Five team members and one Faculty Advisor are listed in your application.  I will send letters for each of those, but if there are other members who will assist the team and who plan to attend, please forward those names to me as soon as possible.  I will send the letters to the attention of Lu Geng at the following address:  lug@tsinghua.edu.cn

Welcome to MISSION 10.  Please note that IARC missions usually run for several years until there is a team that can demonstrate all the behaviors necessary to complete the mission task.


Robert C. Michelson
Principal Research Engineer, Emeritus
    Georgia Tech Research Institute
Adj. Associate Professor (Ret.)
    School of Aerospace Engineering
    Georgia Institute of Technology
    (909) 486-3473






On May 12, 2025, at 5:55 AM, website@aerialroboticscompetition.org wrote:

The Tsinghua University has submitted an application for entry into the IARC.

										Team Leader: Shuo Chen
										Title: Bachelor student

										Address:
										Room 521, Main building, Tsinghua University
										Beijing, Beijing
										100084

										Phone: +86-17758315265
										E-mail: 3493801867@qq.com

										Faculty Advisor:
										Geng Lu
										lug@tsinghua.edu.cn
										13681061977

										Desired Venue:
										American

										Sponsoring Organizations:
										Department of Automation, Tsinghua University

										Contributions from members and organizations:
										Suyao Jiang: Hardware, mechanical design and implementation
Shuo Chen: Hardware design and debug
Rongqi Tian: Software simulation and algorithm design
Pengliang Che: Software simulation and embeded system design
Yuchiao Huang: voice control and communication
Jun Zhu: overall system design


										Vehicle Description:
										The drone consists of the carbon body (frame), PX4 flight controller, infrared cloud matrix obstacle avoidance module, infrared camera, on-board computer, and GPS module., etc. The on-board computer uses the Khada module. Communication between drones and mobile phone is carried out via Wi-Fi. The operator holds a mobile phone and controls the drone by recognizing voice commands through a voice recognition program deployed on the phone. The aircraft uses a camera with a narrowband infrared filter to detect simulated mines. A low-frequency infrared light is generated by an infrared emitter mounted on each drone for active detection.

										Data Links:
										270mm(L)X270mm(W)X200mm(H), about 440grams

										Website:
										http://chunshenjun-code.github.io

										Form submitted on Monday 12th of May 2025 05:55:13 AM Eastern Time

										Application ID:
										531